where was your dragon last week witness
day last Wednesday mumbles but wait
sorry she put the red dot
she took 20 ran from the play plays and
she says she's going mad that temple
where she went
mata temple for service for service the
service she took 20 rent from the temple
from the prayer please and she put white
sari and red dot your dragon never go
for matter for service by mata temple
pero with you in she went for ladies
night ladies night they have service you
know what ladies night is better no with
only one person can help a sorry ladies
and gentlemen please put your hands
together and welcome back Cara
haha
segi of xnyn well in the au dot TN panel
now you're eating this
we don't tell you something I was
standing here in the show before and I
was getting a smell of video and Google
are in a third row there who got in
their bag they're ready somebody I can
smell fresh better yeah your got in your
handbag that girl there she goes
Conroy de Caro Caro does not fit in
google app which I could smell a
Pharaoh's deodorant that man now we got
a problem yet huddle Peru things he's
provide last week for mata temple for
service I'm telling him she never goes
service she went for ladies night not
Marta temple yeah Baca Mata nightclub
what is that like a strip club
you know what become at that SP ruin his
night yeah they have strippers who come
in the club when Padma was young she
said she wanted to wake in a strip club
when she was young I said nice they're
always looking for bounces
can we carry on now you know what ladies
night is know what happens ladies night
there ladies coming that club right
there only ladies allowed in the club
the men's are not allowed there
the ladies sit down they got strippers
in the club Chippendales sweater what
they do ma they take their clothes out
their only thing they wearing is
g-string the men's wear D string g
string had the guitar string don't cut
them there
it can add you know what g-string is
Norma
it's like dental floss Carol me a please
gonna tell him what g-string is best way
I can explain g-string and now you've
got a three-inch pulley
yeah with a 60-inch fan belt you know I
could not to understand yeah now let me
tell you right late what your dragon did
she took 20 grand from the play please
and she wore what sorry wait sorry your
dragon never go for service better and
she fight ladies night because my
dragons hours came and picked Padma and
and she can pick your fro up to what
your flows did Wednesday she put a nice
shiny dis in the depth ball dress you
got yeah she went Tupperware party
Bianca see you in Tupperware party your
fro the kimchi green Tupperware party
your Foley Keisha Greene for serving
massage template service I got two words
for the both of y'all what what words
man though I yeah
let me tell you what happened Sawa's
when I picked him up / that night club
for ladies night this stripper came on
the table and took his clothes out and
we're in g-string the two dancing
dancing dancing in Cuba your Froyo but
ma were you dancing dancing dancing per
capita in a blouse hey you should've got
the 20 rent to you on the pay place you
she put it on the left side of the
fellas Jesus actually never believe a
story like that uncle well you can see
don't touch my brief where she touch the
demand grief that makes it she took the
train tear and put it there pillow and
go don't talk lot that stripper came
dancing dancing came with my missus car
oh yeah wait no my wife she took four
five grand coins
you never heard of swap machining Tedder
dancing dance enhancing your fruit
therefore fiber and when she put it on
the right side that for a g-string yeah
that dancing came about my flow who you
wanting my wife's ours
she's very thrifty ahem very thrifty
better dancing dancing dancing he bent
down and saw was took out the credit
card as that fella bend down she swiped
the crib and write down his bum that got
such a shock he turn around he looked at
sour she said shut your mouth I'm
swiping for 60 Ren she took the 40 run
James